I'm dedicated to staying updated with the latest trends and technologies in data science, and I recently completed a course on deep learning to expand my skill set."

"I excel at collaborating with diverse teams, translating data-driven insights into actionable recommendations that drive organizational success."



In a world of code and bytes, we sift and sort,
Data's endless stories, in every byte, are caught.

Hello, I am Deepanshu Mittal,incoming M.Sc(Data Science) scholar at Chennai Mathematical Institute. I hold a Bachelor of Science(Honours) in Statistics from Hindu College,ranked as India's top college by various ranking frameworks.

My passion for problem solving and academic pursuits have nurtured my interest in Finance, Data Analytics and Machine Learning. I exert on exploring applications of AI and Data Science in Financial modelling, policy making and forecasting.

Alongside academics, I served as a General Secretary at Abhyas-The Internship Cell, a hell-bent group of 60 members. Being a multi-tasker allowed me to be a active member of Entrepreneurship Cell and Department of Statistics. Engaging with these many societies made me a strong team player and appreciate the power of collaboration.

During my bachelors in Statistics, I cultivated interest in diverse range of topics including Statistical Inference, Stochastic Processes,
Design of Experiment and Financial Statistics. Inspite of not being from coding background, I was able to gain considerable experience in programming languages like Python and R. I have worked with Statistical software packages like Octave and SPSS. I am also good with MySQL and general softwares like Microsoft Excel and Canva.

In my free time,you might find me playing badminton, doing cycling, discussing health and wellness with friends, playing Clash Royale or watching  anime. Feel free to contact me via LinkedIn or Gmail. Always looking forward for insightful interactions :) 

Software skills under my belt include Python, R, MySQL, Microsoft Excel, Photoshop and Canva.


